>> Todd Gardner: So
we're gonna do a bunch of demos.
All right so
we're gonna turn something else on.
So there's a really useful thing for
performance called
the web vitals extension.
If we go out to the Chrome extension
store, it's just called web vitals, and
it's made by Google, it's made by
the Google performance profiling team.
I'm gonna add this to Chrome, because it
can do a bunch of interesting things for
us if we are diagnosed
with performance problems.
Okay, cool, I'm actually going to go into
here and pin this so it shows up here.
So the metrics that show up here,
i'm gonna go into the settings here, so
I clicked on here,
hit the little gear, and
I'm gonna show turn on console logging,
and I'm gonna close that out.
But what this is gonna do is it's gonna
show us the Core Web Vital Scores for
the page that we're on.
So for example, I'm on here,
and I reload the page.
I'm gonna pop this to the side, and
I'm gonna pop open the console here.
I'm gonna reload the page,
as the page is loading,
when scores come in,
they pop into this little extension.
It shows things live as they're happening,
and
then when the the page is done,
which takes a moment,
it dumps a bunch of details about them
into the console for us to explore.
Now we can pop this open and
we can see what these scores are,
and that's kinda cool.
But the real details, especially for
us performance developers,
is looking at this.
And you'll notice the site is not fast,
we don't get any good scores here, but
we can drill in on this.
We can say, all right, we got a 7.29
second LCP, which Google says is poor,
and we can drill and get information, we
can see what is the element that is LCP?
And it confirms that,
it is this giant mobile image, and
we can see information about it.
We can see here are the things that
make up LCP, time to first paint, or
time to first byte, LCP,
and then how long it took.
And we can even see the whole LCP entry
that we would have gotten out of, say,
attaching our own performance observer.
We can get the same element here,
automatic,
by just turning on
the web Vitals Extension.
It's super useful for
diagnosing these sorta things.
It automates a lot of the kinda stuff that
you would attach your own logging for, but
you can just turn it on and
off with an extension, and
it gives you information
about your current session.
I have this on a bunch,
super, super useful.
The other thing that's useful about this,
is that if we go out to a public site,
a real site, not local host, like this
MDN article I was on, and I reloaded,
it works there too.
See that's so much faster like loaded
instantly, it gives us the same
real-time information about how this
site performed generally really fast.
Notice it doesn't have an INP,
cause I haven't INP'd yet.
But if I click on something,
Now I have an INP.
But it also has a bunch of
data in the background,
In addition to the raw scores of, this
thing loaded almost instantly from me.
It shows that 99% of people
also have a good score,1% of
people have an okay score, and
0% of people have a bad score.
So this is showing us not only lab data
from me testing this right now, but
it's showing us field data from everybody
else who's visited, developer.mozilla.org.
Where is that data coming from,
and why do I get to access it?